feat: support --use-latest flag in ado show commands (#166)
IBM/ado: website/docs/getting-started/ado.md

- `RESOURCE_ID` is the unique identifier of the resource you want to see details
  for.
- `--use-latest` will use the identifier of the latest resource of RESOURCE_TYPE
  in the command. It requires having created a resource of RESOURCE_TYPE with

>   `ado create`. It is ignored if a RESOURCE_ID is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--use-latest` will use the identifier of the latest, i.e. most recent, resource of RESOURCE_TYPE created locally.  It is not context aware. It is ignored if a RESOURCE_ID is provided.
```

Reviewer: I think the help for the others could also be updated. The suggested change
- Ties latest and create together in the first sentence - latest only makes sense with create.
- Calls out the creation must have happened locally - not by someone else remotely in same project
- Notes its not context aware.
